[serve] Remove fruit stand from production guide (#39351)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/production-guide/index.md

(serve-in-production-example)=

## Working example: Text Summarization and Translation Application

Throughout the production guide, we will use the following Serve application as a working example.

> The application takes in a string of text in english, then summarizes and translates it into French (default), German, or Romanian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application takes in a string of text in English, then summarizes and translates it into French (default), German, or Romanian.
```

```{literalinclude} ../doc_code/production_guide/text_ml.py
:language: python
:start-after: __example_start__
:end-before: __example_end__
```

Save this code locally in `text_ml.py` to follow along.
In development, we would likely use the `serve run` command to iteratively run, develop, and repeat (see the [Development Workflow](serve-dev-workflow) for more information).
When we're ready to go to production, we will generate a structured [config file](serve-in-production-config-file) that acts as the single source of truth for the application.

This config file can be generated using `serve build`:
```
$ serve build text_ml:app -o serve_config.yaml
```

The generated version of this file contains an `import_path`, `runtime_env`, and configuration options for each deployment in the application.

> Since we'll need the packages `torch` and `transformers` to run this example, modify the `runtime_env` field of the generated config to include these two pip packages. Save this config locally in `serve_config.yaml` to follow along.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application needs the `torch` and `transformers` packages, so modify the `runtime_env` field of the generated config to include these two pip packages. Save this config locally in `serve_config.yaml` to follow along.
```

# Start a local Ray cluster.
ray start --head

> # Deploy the text ML application to the local Ray cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploy the Text ML application to the local Ray cluster.
```
